README > Add Github Action Permissions (#79)
EdwarDDay/upgrade-gradle-action: README.md

            Automated changes by [create-pull-request](https://github.com/peter-evans/create-pull-request) GitHub action
          labels: "dependencies,gradle"
```

> ## 🔐 Grant Github Actions Permissions
> To allow the action create branches + pull requests you need to grant it permissions within repository settings:
> * Go to **Settings**
> * Go to **Actions** → **General**.
> * Under **Workflow permissions** section.
>   * Check **Read and write permissions**
>   * Check **Allow GitHub Actions to create and approve pull requests**

Reviewer: Thank you for the PR.

I think I would rather link to the PR creation action README instead of duplicating the information here. This way I don't need to update the README again, if the setting steps change.
```suggestion
## Grant Github Actions Permissions
To allow the action create branches + pull requests you need to grant it permissions within repository. Please check the README of your PR creation action ([peter-evans/create-pull-request README](https://github.com/peter-evans/create-pull-request/blob/main/README.md))
```

Is this still clear enough?
